so episode 10 is going to pick up
straight from where they left off in
episode 9 and it's going to feel like a
real movie after all the tension in the
last episode between a lot of the
characters there was marvin and duke's
relationship which really came to a
boiling point and we're going to talk
about this image later on in this video
as well rock asking kanan to deal with
detective howard and kanan shooting his
father without knowing who he was
putting the trigger on and whether
detective howard is gonna survive we're
just gonna have to wait and see so we're
gonna go through what's to come for
kanan and raquel break down the
exclusive scene that was released
yesterday in a bit more detail and how
scrappy's return would play a crucial
role in protecting him will raquel
really win the war because unique
definitely won't go down without a fight
so it's going to be interesting to see
how they set things up going into season
2 because i'm sure there's going to be a
lot of cliffhangers with regards to a
few characters now they haven't given us
a huge synopsis but we're gonna break it
down as usual and go through all of the
characters with what we can expect from
them but of course if you're new to the
channel and you haven't done so already
then remember to smash the subscribe
button if you don't see everything
powerbook 3 and power universe related
but let's start with the synopsis for
episode 10 which is title paid in full
and it reads as a situation in the
neighborhood turns dire rack scrambles
to get kanan out of harm's way now
that's the synopsis but i'm going to add
to the synopsis with what makai curtis
who plays kanan said about the finale
and he said there's so much that's going
to be happening i think there's going to
be some clarity there's also going to be
some confusion there's going to be some
triumph and there's also going to be
some loss there's going to be a setup of
watching these people reap the benefits
of their actions and it's a story of
their consequence now so that's just to
add to the synopsis of the episode so we
can tie makai curtis's comments in
together with the synopsis and break it
down in this video but let's start with
the exclusive scene that was released
yesterday you could see where this
confusion will come into play from
mikhail curtis's comments about the last
episode this is going to be the
aftermath of kanan shooting detective
howard we're going to see kanan tripping
and falling he's going to cut his hand
and hurt himself tossing the gun into a
pond as well he's then going to walk
past the bodega camera with his hood up
we're going to see him meeting raquel
where she's gonna take him to lu's house
scrub his fingernails and she's gonna
question him whether he got the job done
but kanan really did mess up again and
on top of messing up he lied to rag
telling him that he shot him three times
before changing his answer to two but
then he said that he's gone for good and
we obviously don't know if he's gone for
good i do think he will die eventually
and definitely before kanan finds out
that he's his real father but whether he
dies as a result of kanan shooting him
i'm not so sure so let's just wait and
see on that one but this is where the
confusion will definitely come in for
raquel especially because rachel is
really going to be pissed at kanan time
and time again he messes up and the only
one time i actually thought he was going
to do what was needed to be done he
it up again and this conversation
may just leave raquel confused as to
whether kanan has actually got the job
done or not questioning whether
detective howard is gone for good as
kanan says he is but he didn't seem sure
himself either and it may leave raquel
having to test someone else to finish
the job and she really can't risk having
detective howard live after what she
just asked kanan to do because it would
really throw her plan that she had with
killing two beds with one stone with him
and unique so raccoon can't afford
detective how to live but we all know
it's not as simple as that it really
would put a screen raquel's plan if he
does remain alive and if he did live i
don't think he's gonna snitch that it
was kanan who shot him i think he's
gonna blackmail a racket forcing kanan
to give him this transplant that he
needs but there's just so many ways this
can go right now and i am leaning
towards him being alive because it just
causes that extra issue for raquel and
it could be one of the cliffhangers
going into season two but let's move on
and talk about unique because at the
beginning of the last episode we saw
marvin go on full attack mode he was
working on his own because nobody can
tell him how to protect his family but
rak told marvin when you aim at unique
you can't afford to miss and this was
the first time we were introduced to his
son jerome unique mentioned to rock way
back in episode 1 that he had a son
called jerome but he doesn't feel the
same way about his son as racquet feels
about kanan and there's two reasons why
iraq is going to scramble to get kanan
out of harm's way when is the whole
issue with him shooting detective howard
and two unique and his crew are going to
come all guns blazing and i've been
given the strict orders by unique to
take anybody out associated with rag man
child he doesn't care who they are how
old they are if they're on rackside they
have to go and unique knows that kanan
is raquel's weakness and with marvin
attacking unique while jerome could have
been caught in the crossfire i'm sure
all bets are off and he'll take out
anybody standing in his way and that
includes kanan and as makai cat is
teased there will be some sort of loss
so i do expect a body or two to drop in
the coming episode and i really wouldn't
be surprised if marvin was involved once
again so that's the part of the synopsis
where rack is going to scramble to get
kanan to safety and this is where
scrappy comes in i'm sure rack is going
to ask grappy to help kanan and get him
out of harm's way and this is something
we broke down in a bit more detail in
yesterday's video of how scrappy is the
right man for the job because he's
someone who knows how to stick and move
and this is something that he can help
kanan with now there was one topic we
hadn't touched on in the video yesterday
and she's listed to be in the last
episode of the season on imdb but they
are known to be wrong with the casting
and listings for the episodes so i don't
know whether she's going to be back or
not but she is back then i wonder if
kainen will actually confront her about
her giving up the starshouse because
scrappy could finally drill this into
kanan's head about who really gave up
the location scrappy so kane and talking
to davina and he was also planted inside
unique's organization would be it for a
very brief period so i'm sure he's
someone who knows that davina was the
one who gave the location so hopefully
scrappy is able to make kanan understand
this situation a bit more but let's move
on and talk about jukebox and this image
that was released from raising canaan
stars with jukebox clutching onto our
bag and could this be the moment where
we see duke finally being kicked out of
the house duke looks real rough in this
image and i do feel for duke she lost
nicole marvin found out about her
sexuality and we saw that real powerful
scene in the last episode between marvin
and juke and this is why we saw the
jukebox we did because the vern died are
very young age just leaving this cold
and broken jukebox she had to grow up
very fast in this world and she had to
fend for herself so juke is gonna have
another tough time in the next episode
and even with detective berg because i'm
sure she won't be happy once she finds
out that juke feathers some lies
especially after she opened up to juke
but i just want to come back to unique
for a moment and something i picked up
on the last episode after re-watching it
was how in the very first few moments
when unique was strapping jerome up in
the car he actually noticed his jacket
was missing his jacket was in the back
seat when lou stole it and he was no
longer there so he took a quick sneak
peek at the front and of course he was
never going to find it so he knows his
jacket is missing but i don't think he's
going to suspect raquel who will know
what's about to come his way and marvin
is going to be the one who is tasked to
plant younique's jacket at his place and
this is what he was up to in the trailer
he really is going to step up again
because louie is going to be recovering
in hospital so rachel is going to have
to trust marvin to plant the jacket once
kanan walks past the bodega cameras
but i still don't think it's going to be
a straightforward win for raquel she
promised joaquin that she'll deal with
detective howard and deal with unique
too and she tried to kill two birds with
one stone with a unique jacket but
didn't exactly go to plan thanks to
kanan who is very very sloppy but these
are the mistakes that made him the
powerful and strategic character that we
saw on power so he's eventually going to
learn from all of these lessons but will
kanan really learn the truth about
detective howard i really don't think so
because it really wouldn't match up with
the storyline that they had in power in
season five but let's wait and see what
happens with this one so that's a
breakdown of what we can expect from
episode 10 and if raquel really wants to
win this war she might just have to
think on her feet and act very quickly
if she does find out that detective
howard is indeed alive and there's going
to be some triumph in this episode
there's going to be some loss as well
but whether that comes from ruckel's
side let's wait and see so drop all your
thoughts and comments down below in the
comments section let me know if you
think detective howard is dead or alive
if you think rucker will win the war
will kanan finally learn the truth about
davina and let me know what you think
about jukebox and this image so drop all
your predictions down below in the
comment section and of course if you're
new to the channel you haven't done so
already then remember to smash the
subscribe button if you don't see
everything power book 3 empower universe
related but as always thank you guys for
watching and i'll see you
next time